Mr. Ye, you are on time today
I got used to it in the South
Just didn't expect
The Pillar Industry of Shangguan Family in the Imperial Capital
The hygiene conditions of famous clubs are not very good
There are flies smelling my warm concubine humph
Flies, sorry for the poor hospitality.
And these two
Please apologize to my fiancé
Go away by yourself later
fiancé
Where did you find such an actor to act in front of me?
Do you play a play of white rich and beautiful chasing?
Do you think I will regret this?
Yo
This is a good imitation.
Sure enough, garbage is garbage
You don't look like a prince in a farm robe
Do you think someone like Qian Shao
Migrant workers like you who move bricks
Can you go on a diet if you want?
Hey, that's how poor people are
Anything for the sake of face
After all, they only have face left
Oh beautiful woman
I see you are quite beautiful.
Leave a contact information
Maybe one day I'll be happier and you'll introduce it.
Don't worry, I have money.
Ah!
Dirty to hit people
Security guard
This lady please don't make any noise
So as not to affect other guests
Less money, you are here.
What's wrong with you?
Let unidentified people hit your VIP
Are all the security guards at your Yongning Club dead?
Beat them both out
Security, come here